Let's see how to implement a clustering algorithm.
We'll walk through a clustering function part of Matlab's object tracking simulator.
For this, we need the list of radar detections and vehicle size.
If the detections are from the same sensor and loop through
every single detection point and measure the Euclidean distance between all of them,
then initialize a vector to hold the detection clusters.
Keep running the loop until the detection list is empty.
Now, implement the falling within the while loop,
pick the first detection in the checklist and put it under consideration.
If the distance between the first pick and
remaining detections is less than the vehicle size,
then group those detections and their respective radar sensor measurements,
including creating range and velocity.
For the group, take the mean of the range and velocity measurements.
The radar measurement vector has six values.
Where range and velocity for X and Y coud It's reside at 1,
2, and 4,5 respectively.
Create a new cluster id then assign all the group detections to the same id.
Further, assign cluster the mean range
and velocity that were calculated in the previous step.
In the end, delete from
the list detections which have already been assigned to a cluster.
Keep repeating the process until the detection list is empty.